cep28 (#291)
cyclus/cyclus.github.com: source/cep/cep28.rst

> CEP 26 - Generalize the DRE to Optimize Multiple Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CEP 28 - Additional Control Input to Manage RecordTimeSeries
```

********************************************************

:CEP: 28
:Title: Additional Control Input to Manage RecordTimeSeries
:Last-Modified: 3/1/2019

> :Author: Robert Flanagan \& Gwen Chee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Author: Robert Flanagan \& Gwendolyn Chee
```

:Status: Draft
:Type: Standards Track
:Created: 3/1/2019

Abstract
========
Increased use of the RecordTimeSeries functionality within Cyclus
has caused an increase in the number of tables in a cyclus output
file. While this has yet to impact performance, it is conceivable 
that it could become problematic in the future. To combat this
a new cyclus control input field will be added to allow users to

> choose which RecordTimeSeries tables to be added to the output. 

Reviewer: I thought we decided on an on and off toggle, rather than specifically choosing which tables?

Reviewer: On: all the tables 
off: the tables that existed in Cyclus before the addition recordtimeseries in the various Cycamore archetypes. 
Default is off?

Motivation
==========

> The addition of the TimeSeriesListeners added to support the d3ploy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addition of the TimeSeriesListeners functionality in the d3ploy 
```

archetypes caused an increase in the amount of tables being output
by Cyclus. This change is largely user agnostic however, it can 
cause an increased storage space for each run. As this data is unused
by any simulation not using the listeners, it is just wasted hard disk
space. This charge will be used to mitigate this problem. It will also

> allow uses to run a simulation that outputs only the specific tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allow users to run a simulation that outputs only the specific tables
```

they wish to see in their outputs. 

Specification \& Implementation
===============================
This charge will add a field to the simulation control that will allow
the user to specify which tables they wish to see. By default this value
will be set to all tables, but if user wishes to specify the tables they

> wish to see they will do so by entering the string of each table's name;

Reviewer: Is this really necessary? Because if a user is using d3ploy to deploy a specific facility, they would probably want to see the table that is associated with that facility and they would probably not have other cycamore facilities in the simulation so those tables won't show up anyway.
